It must be stated that this is not a chapter that should be looked over in any 
good amount. Depending on whether you are looking for a permanent coitus partner 
or a temporary one, whether you wish word to get out or to keep the encounter 
hush, the choice ranges from age to skin colour to temperament. For the sake of 
modesty and some acceptance of modern society, children shall be left out of the 
chapter. It should be noted however that they are the most malleable of 
partners, should the deviant arise. As well, Permanent and Natural are two 
separate things in this particular passage, natural being fleeting, permanent 
being not.

On the subject of permanent coitus partners, either youth or old age are 
demanded. The elderly can easily be locked away while the young, with proper 
love and attention can be made to love their master all the more. Particularly 
with the young, one should keep education to a minimum, lest they get ideas of 
the unnatural ways “normal” people get about. It should be considered a full 
time job to keep books and the like out of the hands of your fair lover. Chains 
and locks should not be needed after the first year; however mobility can be 
your enemy, so NEVER allow car keys or transportation knowledge to be passed to 
her/him. Taking a permanent coitus partner has some risks involved but can be a 
highly rewarding experience as you watch them grow with you and love you 
unconditionally. Moving on, for natural coitus partners, once should begin with 
the bar. One night stands at bars, willing or “unwilling” will increase your 
libido and confidence committing this most natural act. The drunker your victim 
is, the easier they will be. One should be on the lookout for members of their 
entourage, as they can either add to the fun or cause trouble. The use of 
inhibiting drugs should never be used, there is nothing natural about killing 
your partner. At times, when you are ready, look for the member of the female 
herd called the “Designated Driver.” This one can be flirted with and brought 
outside. Without alcohol in her system she will prove a more interesting 
endeavor and given her designation as the most “responsible” she will be the 
least likely to share your stories of your love.



It is very important to choose a victim without many social contacts, or choose 
someone who works far away from home. For example a woman that just comes at 
home for weekend because she works too far away. It is important to know as much 
about her as possible, but without being too obvious and without talking with 
her or people she know well. You can try to get information with common search 
methods on the internet, so for example if you get her email you can look if she 
is at facebook or reddit and look at her posts and comments to get some 
information about her. Also study her everyday life: when does she leave home, 
and when does she come back? Where does she go to bed, and when she usually 
stands up? And how often does she have contact with people at home, like friends 
and family? To get this information it is practical to break in her home and to 
place microphones and little cameras. Also load a keylogger, a screenlogger and 
a webcam logger on her computer, if she has one.


Although you should aim to let your journey through the many joys of natural 
coitus be an enriching and diverse experience, at no point should you select an 
obese woman as a partner. Not because you may not be able to salute to the 
disgusting sloth, but more because the mass can not be properly controlled 
during the encounter. And disturbingly, studies have shown that the mass can't 
even control itself: up to 45% of obese women lose their bowels during their 
first natural coitus. Most scientists speculate that this strange effect may be 
caused by overwhelming fear conflicting with the overwhelming joy they have 
reported to feel over finally being selected for sexual attention. Others 
speculate that it is a finely tuned guidance system, evolved through the eons to 
show a male partner which roll he can open to proceed with the copulation.


%---------

\section*{The selection of outside prey and the necessary methods}


To rape is to bond. When a man forcibly enters a woman they create an intimate 
spark between each other and one that is only removed with years of therapy and 
birth control. For most to-be “surprise lovers” the biggest issue for them is 
that they have not yet found, “the one”. We as males have a primal desire for 
certain qualities in a woman. I could go on, crudely so, about the appropriate 
breast ratios and the evolutionary advantage to our cravings for wide, shapely 
hips and legs. However it is better to be brief than babble. To put it simply 
those who dismiss rapists as merely acting out of lust are very wrong. Power 
procreation is an act of much more than mere domination. It requires intricate 
preparation and love making skills along with a deep understanding of the 
desires of the female mind. A rapist does not rape out of desperation but out of 
love. In our feminized and neutered society women crave a man who is capable of 
taking what he wants.

It is therefore important to understand the meticulous selection patterns one 
must undergo in finding an appropriate partner. It might even be wise to sample 
multiple potential lovers in order to fully compare them with each other. The 
pattern of the screaming for instance, whether they begged to be killed or pubic 
hair length could all be significant factors in your choosing. I would not 
advise against taking age into consideration also. Has your future date hit 
puberty yet? Is she (or he) a member of a particular youth group? What is her 
sex life like? A good rape requires a blend of different flavours and sources, 
and the key ingredients in your meal should be the character of your victim.

There are several interesting and unique methods in the surveillance of your 
partner to help better gauge your lover’s personality. I myself personally 
favour the Houdini approach and will solely cover this however far more are 
available on numerous websites (9gag and reddit are both excellent sites for 
such pursuits). This tactic involves a much more direct involvement in the 
victim’s life, often coming to them directly posing in a variety of different 
roles. I remember for instance the time I disguised myself as a traveling 
door-to-door salesman! Poor Natalie was so shocked that she could barely stand 
up after the struggle cuddle I gave her! However a course of action such as this 
is best left to the more experienced lover, one who knows exactly how to 
manipulate a woman.

The basic principle of the Houdini technique is stealth through offense. By 
presenting yourself clearly to your victim you are able to accurately study her 
life, social calendar and of course personality. It is empirical however to 
choose wisely. It is very difficult to convince someone that the postman who 
just raped them is not just a close relative!  By selecting a position of power 
where you have daily access to them you are putting yourself into a situation 
where you can effortlessly continue your examination. For example popular 
choices include teaching professions or internet personalities such as PewDiePie 
(A notorious enthusiast of the natural coitus and close friend of mine).

It is also vital to record your results on your present target. An easy table 
format is a great way to keep track of her qualities and best post-game plan to 
help keep her repressed and fearful. I’ve included a chart of mine below for 
reference.


\begin{longtable}{| p{0.3\textwidth} | p{0.3\textwidth} | p{0.3\textwidth} |}
\hline
\textbf{Date} & \textbf{Summary} & \textbf{Performance} \\
\hline
12/03/2010

Sandra

Power Flower Kindergarten
&
Sandra refused to co-operate in her Kindergarten game of finger painting and 
instead choose to play trains silently without her peers. This behaviour 
indicates a strong tendency to the anti-social.
&
8/10

A solitary woman is a proud woman. And it is the proud who make the best conquests. 
\\
\hline

13/04/2010

Sandra

Power Flower Kindergarten
 
&       

Sandra continues to display an extreme lack of hygiene. Today she vomited directly onto a supervisors lap and also was unable to go potty. A disappointing revelation.

&

4/10

A power lover must take pride in his achievements. A dirty catch is not one best boasted about
\\
\hline

16/04/2010

Sandra

32 Waltershire Avenue
&        

After her first instance of guided intercourse Sandra continues to react badly. Frequent crying is unattractive and reveals a lack of decorum unbecoming for a five year old.
        
&

2/10

While a woman is the weaker sex some strength is still to be expected. Sarah did not meet these expectations.

\\
\hline

18/04/2010

Sandra

41 Bakers Street

&
  

Unable to give accurate updates as currently on the run from police. Sandra has spoken to her parents and informed them of my surprise conquest.
        
&

1/10

No one likes a tattle tale.

\\
\hline

19/04/2010

Sandra

32 Waltershire Avenue
        
&

Police search has finally begun to die down. After a quick snoop of the house it appears Sara is playing with her dolls again.
  
&
     

4/10

This is the fourth time this week she has played with those toys. I expect variety in my lovers.

\\
\hline

21/04/2010

Sandra

12 Battersea Ridge
       
 &

Review proves that Sarah is not an appropriate target to begin a rapelationship with. Will update later with final meeting.
      
  &

n/a

\\
\hline

21/04/2010


Sandra

32 Waltershire Avenue
        
&

Sandra was unsurprisingly resistant at my attempts to coerce her. Regrettably extreme force was necessary. Although her beauty is still intact it is unlikely that Sandra will ever be able to play dolls again without the aid of a pulley and lever system.

&    

2/10

Wheelchair bound is just another euphemism for too lazy to recover. I’m sure Sandra will walk this injury off.

\\
\hline
\end{longtable}

As you can see from the above chart, despite Sandra’s immense sexual dynamo her 
weak personality let her down. By discovering this early I was able to 
thankfully save myself the trouble of securing an appropriate room and ball gag 
for her. This table should help highlight the importance of preparation and 
selection in the frantic world of natural coitus.